gaza's Hamas run Health Ministry says 30
people have been killed and more than
100 injured in an Israeli strike and a
school where displaced people were
Sheltering Israel's military says Hamas
militants were using the compound in the
central town of deir albala to launch
attacks against troops and added that it
had warned civilians in advance most of
gaza's estimated 2.4 million people have
been displaced at least once in the past
9 months of
War let's bring in DW's correspondent
reer Rebecca ritters who joins us from
Jerusalem so Rebecca what more can you
tell us about this attack on the school
in
Gaza well as you just mentioned Mariana
the Israeli military has confirmed or
confirmed earlier today that they did
indeed carry out these air strikes we
believe it was a multiple air strikes on
that that uh un School Compound uh
housing about
4,000 uh people Sheltering from this war
displaced from other areas in Gaza
that's according to the Palestinian
civil defense uh now the Israeli
military said that Hamas have been using
uh this compound to store weapons and to
plan future attacks on the military they
also said that steps were taken to
minimize the civilian casualties but as
you're reporting there at least 30
people uh thought to be dead or said to
be dead by the Gaz and health Ministry
and also Health officials at the alaxa
hospital and more than 100 100 injured
the some of the video that we're seeing
coming out from the ground is truly
harrowing chaotic scene sadly not
unfamiliar to people who have been
following along in the last N9 months of
this war we're seeing women and children
who have been uh uh caught up in this
attack severely severely injured uh now
we know that the hospitals are already
struggling uh under the sheer weight of
casualties that they're facing they've
got Mass shortages not only beds but
medicines medical equipment of course uh
fewer numbers of Staff who were fatigued
and traumatized by uh the things that
they have been witnessing over the last
N9 months now this comes just a few
hours after the Israeli military
announced that civilians in another part
of the strip civilians Sheltering in an
area known as Al Al maasi uh near Han
Yunis in the southern part of the strip
would have to leave that area because
the Israeli military would be carrying
out what they called operating in full
force that's a quote from the military
statement so uh many civilians from that
area also having to to leave those areas
that are considered humanitarian safe
areas that was DW correspondent uh
Rebecca ritters reporting from Jerusalem
Rebecca thanks for bringing us up to
date